Seth Ines
August 29, 2023
ICS 314
										How Do WOD's Help or Hurt Learning JavaScript?
	Learning JavaScript and athletic software engineering through WODs to me is extremely different from the other forms of learning things. The concepts, even though were familiar to me, challenged me because of the setup. Up until now, the main ways of learning have been through lectures, homework, reading, and watching. Having something that is timed as well as graded on accuracy before getting used to the concept is a steep challenge. Because of the way that WOD’s are structured, they are much more stressful since there is no let me think about a problem type of option. It is either you know the answer, or you don’t type of mentality which at times can be very 
frustrating since I typically solve stuff when I am away from my computer and then come back to code it. 
  Despite how difficult I think it is to learn using WOD's, I do believe that it is possible to learn from them and that they are useful. They put you into real-world problems and situations. For instance, an employer could just tell me to one day write a code for this right now since we need it for another project. In this scenario, I have no time to sit and think things over. I just need to produce the desired code. In this case, WOD’s are much better than normal teaching. Another advantage of teaching through WOD’s is that everything is practiced. Almost all WOD’s can be considered to apply to real-world situations. In the real world, you will rarely see employers giving things like homework or tests. Instead, they would be giving you things like projects and assessing your worth based on the work that you do. Another thing that learning through the WOD’s helped with was understanding the material. Because of the time limit on the WOD’s, I learned more about how to condense my programming, especially using the coding practices from ES6 like the arrow function. Because of the WOD’s, it is easier to see the applications of the specific programming language that we are using. For this reflection, we were using JavaScript. The WOD’s helped me envision what places this language would be the most useful in. An example of this is in engineering. You can tell through the WOD’s that JavaScript can be used on both the front and back end of the stack which eliminates the need to translate computer programming language between the front and back end. Another thing that JavaScript helps engineers is that you can use functions as variables in other functions and so forth. 
